d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\ScreepsWpf.exe.config
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\ScreepsWpf.exe
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\ScreepsWpf.pdb
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\netstandard.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Collections.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Collections.NonGeneric.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Specialized.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Console.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Data.Common.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.TextWriterTraceListener.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.TraceSource.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Drawing.Primitives.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Extensions.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Watcher.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.IO.IsolatedStorage.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.IO.MemoryMappedFiles.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.IO.Pipes.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.IO.UnmanagedMemoryStream.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Linq.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Parallel.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Queryable.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Net.NameResolution.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Net.Ping.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Net.Primitives.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Net.Requests.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Net.Security.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Net.Sockets.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebHeaderCollection.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.Client.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.ObjectModel.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Resources.Reader.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Resources.Writer.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.VisualC.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Handles.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Formatters.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Security.Claims.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Csp.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Security.Principal.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Security.SecureString.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Threading.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Overlapped.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Thread.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Threading.ThreadPool.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Timer.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XDocument.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\ScreepsConnection.dll
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\ScreepsConnection.pdb
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\obj\Debug\ScreepsWpf.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\obj\Debug\ScreepsWpf.exe.config
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\obj\Debug\ScreepsWpf_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\obj\Debug\ScreepsWpf_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\obj\Debug\ScreepsWpf.g.resources
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\obj\Debug\ScreepsWpf.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\obj\Debug\ScreepsWpf.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\obj\Debug\ScreepsWpf.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\obj\Debug\ScreepsWpf.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\obj\Debug\ScreepsWpf.exe
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\obj\Debug\ScreepsWpf.pdb
d:\eigenedateien\dokumente\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScreepsTalker\ScreepsWpf\bin\Debug\System.Json.dll
